Yesterday with all your attentions
with all the people treat us be
pretty good food for all and for
good thanks to all the people of apodaca
in hacienda the daisies that we
received deluxe we sent them a
strong kiss and a big hug to all that
the truth was wonderful benita that
beautiful couple is very pretty
and it is already
and the winner yesterday with us and with
all the people of the colony the truth
that this is thanks to come and it was good
I loved all the people who came
for you pretty you summoned so much
syndicated quite a lot of people that
I was speechless but I want you to know
Repeat again to make more
people and I like how people were
yesterday in chiquitito fest
the water as the band went on and with
the impressive king around 5000
people or so we loved visiting
its very large very large colony very
clean by the streets has been cleaned
from 3 in the morning all for
when my future boyfriend and my
future son- in- law look what things have the
lifetime
but nothing
it even rained potato lady how nice
couples in the audience accept them as
partner
I imagine that photograph in a painting
large in the room entering the house of
the house at the appointment
Of course we do have a pending appointment
and of course my stepson will be
the pilot
you already have your friends to your relatives to
your wife wife to her stepchildren with
both power councils and mother what
more I want and it's in grandma and
adrián marcelo completes the photo
but if you still want to have another child
of another encounter and want to have to
he would like to have a and like kiko
human
such and that is not 5
when
you see that they were filled to see that
come come the child come so that
say hello to his dad in Roberto
Similar encounter
It was obviously you and you and your habits
because battaglia
there's the family photo and it's like
river already
free the pilot
to mobility
we are already full a pure meal
roasted pork up here look
everyone brings bring one this court is not
balls well she
at this time
by roberto thank you very much fitch edict
to represent the families
we are also very nervous
but we are happy because
my son means a man but that
have same
but you do not worry
and I
what do you like here that as daddy told me
that yes look look look look look
I want
lots of people we love you a lot of people
your mom loves you and your mom's love
ok for all the love in the world ok
so you never say you need
something will never miss anything in the
life we are here for that
what if